hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
the Hades Canyon nook this is Intel's
latest super small computer that's
running that KB Lake G CPU so if you
don't know what this thing is
it's like Intel always makes these small
computers called the Knux they're these
like tiny little boxes like this and
they kind of get faster and better every
year but this year they took it up an
extra notch this is running that new 8th
gen chip that combines an Intel Core i7
with a Radeon Vega M GPU it's like this
collaboration with Intel and AMD to make
this extremely efficient CPU and that's
what we have powering this whole device
ok so the thing that makes this thing
special is its size this thing is 1.2
litres it's a little bit bigger than the
previous generation but it's still super
super small you don't get cases like
this very often like you've seen my
videos where I build into I Jax cases
the smallest one I've ever done was like
I think six or seven litres 1.2 litres
it's small there's an external AC
adapter which you obviously plug up to
this but the unit itself can leave it
out as like a media center unit or leave
it on your table if you really want
small devices but I use this thing as I
didn't use it as a as a laptop but I
basically brought this thing back and
forth from work for a couple months last
year not this one but a nook and those
like two AC adapters wouldn't work where
at home these things are just so small
so portable that you can do a lot with
them very versatile devices now this is
a bare-bones unit so it doesn't come
with RAM storage or even an operating
system you have to pop it open and put
it in yourself there's two nvme drive
slots and two RAM slot so you can pack
up to 32 gigs of ram and it's actually
really easy to build into the system
like very few screws you have to deal
with and every time I open one of these
things up it surprises me as to how they
can fit everything everything into
something so small while still retaining
all the functionality so this thing
actually has a crazy number of ports
there's two Thunderbolt threes a bunch
of UCAS this is completely riddled with
ports but despite that despite being
nothing but ports and grills all over it
still looks really clean and the top
lights up so when I was at CES and I
first saw this thing it looked like the
skull only lit up in blue and red and it
kind of made sense because of the blue
was supposed to represent
Intel and the red for
GPU but it's actually full RGB action
you can change the colors of basically
every single light in here plus the
skull and the eye socket and if you want
to you can kill all the lights and just
make it look super stealth and the
interesting thing is that when you
remove all the lights like when you
don't light it up at all you can't see
any trace of that skull on the surface
if you want to keep it really muted you
can just by turning off the lights okay
performance on this thing is quite good
it's running the highest-end
KB Lake G chip so the 88 0-9 G and it's
a quad-core CPU with hyper-threading I
ran a bunch of benchmarks and it put out
strong but kind of expected numbers for
the clock speed because remember this is
a KB Lake architecture not the coffee
like architecture but more interesting
to me was the GPU performance so that
radeon vega mgh it's close and
performance to a gtx 1060 not quite as
powerful more similar to the 1060 max-q
a very capable card so you'll be able to
hit 60 frames per second on most
triple-a titles you might have to
finesse the graphics quality a bit but
overall I'm impressed and it's running
some earlier drivers right there's
always room for improvement over time
but the thing that makes this thing like
so cool is that the CPU and the GPU all
fit into here on one chip it's a 100
watt TDP package and I'm getting 85
frames per second in Doom on ultra
graphics at 1080p in a box that's 1.2
litres like that's do you see how crazy
that is this is this has never been done
before this is a super tiny machine with
really good game performs and VR is
actually capable on this it's not like a
VR monster you won't be able to keep up
with the higher resolution of the new 5
pro but it can handle the regular HTC
vive thermally it's also quite good the
default settings won't have any kind of
throttling you can overclock it with
Intel X to you but I wasn't able to get
any substantial gains in the short
amount of time I played with it one of
the first things I noticed when I booted
this thing up was how quiet it was so
the skull canyon neck from last year was
pretty quiet but it was audible still
even on idle this one was essentially
silent when I first turn it on on light
load the fans spin up a little bit but
even on maximum load this is still a
very quiet PC so right now if you're
trying to build a PC and you're looking
for like a smaller one you can build
something into an ITX case and it'll
cost you around 800 bucks for something
that's similar in performance this is a
thousand at the top and there's a lower
specs model the link goes for 800 so
depending on what you need or what you
want you can swap that around but I do
that the premium that you pay for the
something this small and this compact
but this kind of performance is not that
huge I think it's very reasonable
considering what this thing is capable
of it does have limited upgrade
capability because I don't think you're
popping out that CPU too easily but if
you're looking for something that's
small and light and relatively powerful
check this thing out it's like a really
cool small PC okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
[Music]